feat(content): add assets/enclosures (#138)
glpi-project/doc: source/modules/assets/enclosures.rst

----------

Enclosure has specific :doc:`Setup > Components <../../configuration/components>` compared with other equipment since this is rather passive equipment that contains no software, firmware, etc.

You can add a :

* Generic device
* PCI device
* Power supply.

Network Ports
-------------

This tab allows to manage the :doc:`network ports <../../tabs/network_ports>` attached to an equipment.
The information that can be viewed is:

* Name
* Port number
* MTU
* Speed
* Internal status
* Last change
* Number of I/O bytes
* Number of I/O errors
* Duplex
* VLAN
* Connected to
* Connection
* Deleted

Management
----------

:doc:`Management <../../modules/tabs/management>` of financial and administrative information, this information is visible in the 'Management' tab on the enclosure's form.

Contracts
---------

GLPI supports :doc:`contracts <../management/contract>` management, in order to manage contract types such as loan, maintenance, support...

Contracts management allows to:

* make an inventory of all contracts related to the organization assets
* integrate contracts in GLPI financial management
* anticipate and follow contract renewal.

Documents
---------

> The :doc:`document <../management/documents>` tab lets you link different types of file to a material (PDF, txt, png, etc.)

Reviewer: OK, then maybe:
```suggestion
The :doc:`document <../management/documents>` tab lets you link different types of file to current item (PDF, txt, png, etc.)

```

You can attach a document already uploaded to GLPI or add a new one directly from this tab.

Tickets
-------

View all :doc:`tickets <../tabs/tickets>` linked to the enclosure

Problems
--------

This tab refers to all hardware-related :doc:`problems <../assistance/problems>`.
Problems can also be linked to tickets, projects, etc. This allows you to have a complete scenario when necessary.

Changes
-------

:doc:`Changes <../assistance/changes>` lists all changes related to a material. From this tab, you can't link a change directly, you can do it from **Assistance** > **Changes** > **Items**.

> You can create a new change from this page, which will be linked to the material you have selected.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can create a new change from this page, which will be linked to the selected enclosure.

```
